ISSUE-20: Webforms as input method for Archipelago Digital Objects (ADO) (#21)
esmero/archipelago-documentation: docs/webformsasinput.md

- Drupal always provides a "default" one that can not be deleted.
- You can create new ones.
- You can apply permissions to them.
- All Modes work on "fields", means the tiny little input/output pieces that are either part of a Content Entity or attached to them (the title, the Body, and in our case a Strawberryfield (SBF),
- They Provide Config/setting options for each Field.
- They are always associated to Content Types/Bundles. Means all Nodes of the same Content type will share the same modes.

The main difference, other than their purpose (Output v/s Input) is that, on View Modes, the settings you apply to each field are associated to "Formatters" and on Form Modes, the settings you apply to each field are connected to "Widgets".

> So, resuming, what lives under the Concept of a "Display Mode": 

Reviewer: Very picky. This would be correct, but anybody would understand as it is now.

So, resuming, what lives under the Concept of a "Display Mode": 
```suggestion
So, resuming, this is what lives under the Concept of a "Display Mode": 
```

  - E.g A Node title/Label will have a Title formatter with the option of just displaying a text or a text with a link to the entity. 
  - More Complex and fun Fields, like the ones of type `SBF` will provide a large list of possible `Formatters`, like IIIF driven viewers, Video formatters, Metadata Display (Twig template driven) ones, etc. This is because a SBF type of field has much more than just a text value, it contains a full graph of metadata and properties, inclusive links to Files and provenance metadata.

## Form Mode
![Form Modes](../imgs/form-modes.jpg)

- Each field attached to a Content Entity can have a Widget applied and most of them have configuration options.
- Widgets do one thing right: they expose some type of Form/UI interaction that allows a user to input data into the Entity, under that specific field. And of course they make sure that what you input is validated and saved (if good) correctly.
- Which Widgets are available will depend on the "type" of field the Content Entity has. 
  - Example: A `Node` Title will have a single Text Input with some options, like the size of the Textfield used to feed it.

>   - More Complex and double fun fields, like the ones of type `SBF`, will provide a larger list of possible Widgets, randing from raw JSON input (like what you would do if your data was already in the right format) to the reason we are reading this: `Webform driven Widgets` like the ones the _webform_strawberrfield_ Drupal module provides, ones that use an existing Webform (which are also Entitites!) you created or we provided as a setting and by that as input to build, massage and enrich, in a visual way, the JSON that SBF type of fields need. Again. This is because a SBF type of field has much more than just a text value, it contains a full graph of metadata and properties, inclusive links to Files and provenance metadata, which for example allows us to use an Upload field directly in the attached/configured webform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - More Complex and fun fields, like the ones of type `SBF` (strawberryfield), will provide a larger list of possible Widgets, ranging from raw JSON input (which you could select if your data was already in the right format) to the reason we are reading this: `Webform driven Widgets`. These Widgets include:
   - ones the _webform_strawberrfield_ Drupal module provides
   - ones that use an existing Webform (which are also Entitites!) which either 1) you created or 2) we provided as a setting
   
If you chose a widget other than the raw JSON, the widget will take the raw JSON to build, massage and enrich the data so that it can be presented in a visual format by the SBF. This is because a SBF type of field has much more than just a text value. It contains a full graph of metadata and properties, inclusive links to Files and provenance metadata, which for example allows us to use an Upload field directly in the attached/configured webform.
```

- Form modes also have an additional benefit. Each one can have fine grained permissions. That way you can have many different Form Modes, but allow only certain ones to be visible, or usable by users of a given Drupal Role.

# I think i get this...but how can i use this knowledge now?

> Good question! So, to enable, configure and customize these Display Modes you have to navigate go to your `Content Type` Configuration page, in your running Archipelago, which can be found at `/admin/structure/types`. Note: the way things are named in Drupal can be confusing to even the most deeply committed Drupal user, so bear in mind some terms will change. Feel free to read and re-read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good question! So, to enable, configure, and customize these Display Modes you have to navigate to your `Content Type` Configuration page in your running Archipelago. This is found at `/admin/structure/types`. Note: the way things are named in Drupal can be confusing to even the most deeply committed Drupal user, so bear in mind some terms will change. Feel free to read and re-read.
```

![Display Mode Managment for Content Types](../imgs/managing-display-modes.jpg)

> You can see that for every existint Content Type, there is a drop down menu with options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that for every existent Content Type, there is a drop down menu with options:
```

- Manage Display: will lead you to configuration page where you can setup each View Mode and its settings for a given Content Type
- Manage Form Display: will lead you to configuration page where you can setup each View Mode and its settings for a given Content Type

## Manage Display
![Manage Display](../imgs/manage-display.jpg)

On the top you will see all your View Modes Listed, with the `Default` one selected and expanded.

> The Table that follows has one row per Field attached/partof this Content Type. Some of the fields are part of the Content Type itself, in this case Digital Object (bundled) and some other ones are common to every Content Entity derived from a Node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Table that follows has one row per Field attached/part of this Content Type. Some of the fields are part of the Content Type itself, in this case Digital Object (bundled) and some other ones are common to every Content Entity derived from a Node.
```

> "Field" column contains each field name (not their type, reason why you don't see Strawberry Field there!) but we can tell your right now that there is one, named "Descriptive Metadata" that is of `SBF` type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Field" column contains each field name (not their type, reason why you don't see Strawberry Field there!) but we can tell you right now that there is one, named "Descriptive Metadata" that is of `SBF` type. 
```

<details><summary>Wait! Which are the fields in my Content Type?</summary>
<span>

How do we know that the field named "Descriptive Metadata" is a Strawberryfield? Well, we set-up the Digital Object Content Type for you that way, but also you can know what we know by pressing on "Manage fields" Tab on the top (don't forget to come back to "Manage display", afterwards!)

<span>![Your Bundled fields](../imgs/manage-fields.jpg)</span>

*Also Surprise:* You Content Entity has really really just 2 fields! And that, friends, is one of the secret ingredients of Archipelago. All goes into a Single Field.
But wait: i see more fields in my Manage Display table. Why?

> Well. Some of them are base fields, part of what a Drupal Node is: base field means you can not remove them, they are part of the Defintion itself. One obvious one is the `Title`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well. Some of them are base fields, part of what a Drupal Node is: base field means you can not remove them, they are part of the Definition itself. One obvious one is the `Title`. 
```

> But there are also some very particular to Archipelago ones: You can see there are also ones named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But there are also some fields very particular to Archipelago: You can see there are also ones named
```

"Formatter Object Metadata", "Media" and one named "Static Media"!. Where does come from? Those are also Strawberryfields. It sounds confusing but it is really simple. They are really not "fields" in the sense of having different data than "Descriptive Metadata". Those are In Memory, realtime, copies of the "Descriptive Metadata" SBF field and are there to overcome one limitation of Drupal 8:
>Each Field can have a single "Formatter" setup per field. 

> But we want to re-usue the JSON data to show a Viewer, Show Metadata as HTML directly on the ADO/NODE landing page, and we want also to, for example, format sometimes images as Thumbnails and not using a IIIF viewer only. This CopyFields (Legal term) have also a nice Performance advantage. Drupal needs to fetch only once the data from the real Field, "Descriptive Metadata", from the database. And then just makes the data available in real time to its copies. That makes all fast, very very fast! And of course flexible. As you dig more into Archipelago you will see the benefits of this approach. Finally, if you need to, you can make more CopyFields. But the reallity is, there is a single, only one, SBF in each Digital Object and its named "Descriptive Metadata". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But we want to re-usue the JSON data to show a Viewer, Show Metadata as HTML directly on the ADO/NODE landing page, and we want also to, for example, format sometimes images as Thumbnails and not using a IIIF viewer only. This CopyFields (Legal term) have also a nice Performance advantage. Drupal needs to fetch only once the data from the real Field, "Descriptive Metadata", from the database. And then just makes the data available in real time to its copies. That makes all fast, very very fast! And of course flexible. As you dig more into Archipelago you will see the benefits of this approach. Finally, if you need to, you can make more CopyFields. But the reality is, there is a single, only one, SBF in each Digital Object and it is named "Descriptive Metadata". 
```

## Form Mode
![Form Modes](../imgs/form-modes.jpg)

- Each field attached to a Content Entity can have a Widget applied and most of them have configuration options.
- Widgets do one thing right: they expose some type of Form/UI interaction that allows a user to input data into the Entity, under that specific field. And of course they make sure that what you input is validated and saved (if good) correctly.
- Which Widgets are available will depend on the "type" of field the Content Entity has. 
  - Example: A `Node` Title will have a single Text Input with some options, like the size of the Textfield used to feed it.
  - More Complex and fun fields, like the ones of type `SBF` (strawberryfield), will provide a larger list of possible Widgets, ranging from raw JSON input (which you could select if your data was already in the right format) to the reason we are reading this: `Webform driven Widgets`. These Widgets include:

>    - ones the _webform_strawberrfield_ Drupal module provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - ones the _webform_strawberryfield_ Drupal module provides
```

Reviewer: also, why is it _webform not webform? just curious.

Author: uhh.. totally right! Good eyes 👀

Author: you mean the cursive/italic/emphasis _cursive_ = `_cursive_`

Reviewer: Ah my bad

Author: All good! MD code reviews are the worst, because of unexpected/invisible styling. Thanks!
